You are the eldest son of Lin's Group.
Lin Tongchang's assistant took the lead
This is a generous gift bought by our son for you.
Now go to the hospital with me to get better
Our chairperson
If you invite someone, please be nice.
That was the inviting attitude just now
Who is it? Do you have a say?
Ah you
Dog eyes look down on people
How dare you hit me?
What happened when I hit you?
Tell you not to say that Lin Cong is hurt
He is the chairperson of Lao Tzu Lin's Group
Lin Huicheng didn't dare to ask when he came
Who are you talking like that?
Yelling so loudly with my brother Hao
No, you dare say that.
Our neighbor dares to talk back, right?
Hey.
If I don't shoot your shit today, you'll get it clean
Oops, I
Almost got it
I'll tell you what.
I will not go to the hospital for your family.
Unless you ask your brother to come and save you in person
What do you still want our young master to kneel down and beg you?
It's not you kid, not only is the skin itchy and the ears don't work well
I'll give you a cure, no no no it doesn't work
Hey, it's really rotten wood that can't be carved
It's useless to give you a chance, dear brother, don't talk about it.